I thought I'm doing a hair today
tutorial because many of my viewers
have mine under mine like i have
long hair get video written
that they are very desperate because they are
want to grow your hair long
and it really takes a very long time and
also until you get the transition
and I remembered that
then a video about my beautiful
Everyday hairstyles and have done
he was just a hairstyle that was
really a great tip for people who
the hair just want to have longer
but not necessarily now
want to wear extensions or else or
Other and I thought so myself
I'll have an extra video on this
make hairstyle because I find them
really helpful than me
Hair had not been so long
This hairstyle is really nice too
worn and it is very easy for her
just needs a hairbrush and a
Scrunchies are best without this
silver wire partly healthier for the
Hair and I will show you now
How this hairstyle works first
can you get your hair through the im
afterwards no nasty knots arise
can
and after that, you're splitting your hair off that
means you take a top hair
game
take a few laterally
strands of rheine with that mayer of
the page looks very real and afterwards
Do you have something of the long hair
left here because you only have the
upper hair take and you fight
then together to a braid
if your upper hair is about the same
are distributed with your lower hair
then you take one
hairy and makes you completely normal
a braid
so then you have a braid that that
whole later still looks more genuine
Of course you have a few hair strands
take that a bit forward
then the whole thing becomes something
looser and not so strict anymore
but it should still be after that
That's why you can hold firm
here again the whole thing together
Do not pull it so bad now
here this lower part recognizes that
you really after a whole braid
You can of course look down here
either to make a further hook
or tell your braid the upper one
far apart that the hair here so
about it
and when the whole is done then you see
that after a really very long one
braid off
and that leaves your hair natural
visually much longer can act
of course, the braid on the side
take it really looks again
very nice again
a very nice long braid I am
I'm sure that one or the other too
but I already knew the tip
Just give the tip for those
who are just a bit desperate and
I really want long hair and I am
I'm sure that not everyone has this
know and that's why I wanted
be sure to turn this video
I hope you liked this video
and then we'll see each other in mine
next video